Memory Configuration: Add warnings about configuring heap size (#147)
crate/cratedb-guide: docs/admin/memory.rst

Recommendation
==============

A good starting point for the heap space is 25% of the system memory.

Be careful when configuring this, as making the heap too large may lead to OutOfMemory errors,
if the operating system cannot allocate memory for other needs, and on the other hand, making
the heap too small may lead to OutOfMemory errors when new Java objects cannot be allocated

> inside the heap.

Reviewer: This is kinda duplicating the point further below?

In any case, it shouldn't be set below 1GB and not above 30.5GB,

> See the limits section below.

Reviewer 2: I would like to ask a question about the very detail of the upper memory limit recommendation, but not within the conversation on this PR. I am still using it to spawn a dedicated ticket from. Thanks.

  collection times **increase** with a bigger heap, leading to **increased**
  latency. Therefore, your heap size shouldn't be too large.

- The optimal heap size is workload dependent. Be sure to test carefully
  if you want to change the default, as wrong values may cause CrateDB to crash
  with OutOfMemory errors.

> 

Reviewer: Isn't this just the same point as below?

> Therefore, the heap region must be large enough to hold the biggest
  result sets in memory. The size of the intermediate and final result sets
  depend entirely on the type of queries you are running.

Is the same as "optimal heap size is workload dependent" but with more details.

The "wrong values may cause CrateDB to crash with OutOfMemory errors." also
doesn't exactly raise confidence in the product - or give the impression that
we know what we're doing.

We should give concrete min values for both heap and off-heap, and after that
users should receive circuit breaker errors and not have their nodes crash.

- CrateDB uses `Memory mapped files`_ via `Lucene`_. This reduces the
  amount of heap space required and benefits from the file system cache.

- Both to keep latency down, and to enable use of heap sizes above 32 GB,

>   it is also possible to use oneof the newer garbage collectors, such as ZGC.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  it is also possible to use one of the newer garbage collectors, such as ZGC.
```

>   These are known to have worked, but aren't officially tested nor supported.

Reviewer: I'd integrate this either in the first point that mentions G1GC and also include a link to GC configuration so users can learn how to change it. Or alternative put it into the `Recommendation` section further below under Memory Limits because it's kinda relevant to exceeding the 30.5 compressed oops space.
